in this video i try and speed run and
beat minecraft while my friend does
everything in his power to kill me he
gets a compass that points towards me so
he can find me easily and he can respawn
as many times as he wants but if i die
once
it's game over we're calling this
minecraft manhunt also only a small
percentage of people who watch my videos
are actually subscribed so if you're not
subscribed and you end up liking this
video please subscribe it's free you can
always unsubscribe if you'd like enjoy
the video are you ready to go
[Music]
uh
yes i'm ready
no
you're joking
you're actually twice in a row if it's
oh there's a village
[Laughter]
oh my god i'm catching you up oh you can
try oh
god some of this
that bell is me
uh
winning wait no
no
what the
yes oh i can't believe that oh that's so
annoying you just landed me perfectly in
the web oh no
no
oh you boosted me away
this is looking
decently good so far so far it's all
good until i just come behind you and
kill me oh my god you got stuff quick
why were you low or you didn't eat food
just watch out dream
that's all i'm saying
just never know what's gonna happen
how much food
oh
all right dream mr stone age what
there's a desert well in the middle of
this desert
oh there's a cat
the cat means you had a village
yeah
it always gets pretty
intense i'm just running through the
field stream
it feels that you know oh so well
dream dream
you are going to die
oh
so
you must be
[Music]
down oh are you down here
ah you've been oh i just found the water
the well in the desert there's no way
you just ran all the way here
oh my god
this is so annoying i'm lost
wasting precious time
you'd have so much stuff by now
no
oh my god
what are you doing dream
why are you so quiet
um
i'm just focused
don't laugh like that
what
i always just died we don't need to talk
about it what happened
i just almost died to mobs
there's another village
what what is this seed
pretty good one
oh
now this is interesting
what's interesting
wait what is that over there is that
another village
what is this seed like actually there's
so many villages
and where are you
what do you mean
okay
i don't know i'm confused
are you just
did you just get up and like run the
opposite direction because i was
tracking you and it went all the way
over there
and i i track you again and it's
backwards and you'll know what to be
seeing i've never gone i've only been
heading the same direction away from
swan the whole time
i don't believe you because like the
compass is backwards now
now it's over here
all right
be nice if you told me
so
the only way it just happened
that's really weird
you were just right below me and then
now you're not
oh i'm like under the ground
well like
yeah
i'm looking around underground i didn't
see anything and then boom the compass
is just like oh this way now and you're
it's literally you're so far away i've
run like i've been running since that
happened and
i mean according to the compass you were
right below me it was saying you were
right below me
because now you'll know me just trust me
the only way you could have gone away is
it like invisible or something
what is wrong with you
[Music]
no
come on
[Music]
oh my god
where were you dreaming
what are you
doing how are you hiding i'm gonna drown
okay dream
just sit there all right
no stop wait is that a potion effect you
have potion effect what is that what is
that were you actually invisible there's
no way
how are you invisible how do you have
potion effect what is that
you have a golden apple
that's gonna go that looks like a golden
apple it's a golden apple isn't it
can i even attack in a boat i don't
think i can
[Music]
where have you been where have you been
no no
no no yes
yes that's flipping go
let's flip visible where you invisible
oh my god thank god that was that was
great
oh my god but then but then the compass
went out into the ocean and i didn't see
you at all and then you came out of
nowhere
i like wanted to ambush you so i built
like a little thing underground that i
could hide in and then when i saw you
coming i just broke the block above me
swam up and then killed you you didn't
even compliment my hat
i didn't see your hat what was it i
didn't pick it up you don't have it no
oh it's blue wasn't it it was a purple
one this time
all right well let me
oh yes
let's go ahead and
okay i see you
of course
you haven't made the portal have you
no not yet
oh my god
[Laughter]
yes
again this is godly
[Music]
how is this happening
i don't know i'm about to sweep this
game easily like this this hasn't even
like so far it's been decently hard but
like
i don't know this is gonna be
much easier i'm like trying to come to
you
but also like find a cave along the way
uh that's not good
you've actually traveled so far you've
made this very annoying for me i have
traveled pretty far not gonna lie
yeah don't lie
oh okay
great
is this
oh
oh my god
my heart literally just dropped
yes i'm actually going to die
[Music]
oh my god
oh my god i hate blazes
i'm actually like i'm i i keep almost
dying
i'm just like lost
what
oh god
oh my god like i just ate a golden apple
i'm just
needing to golden apple to ablaze
oh my god yes i did to multiple blazes
but i wanna get the heck out of here
thank the lords
all right i
am in an interesting
place not gonna lie i might be wasting
like a time by doing this but you
actually did get another portal what is
wrong with you what do you mean you
actually did
why did you trap my other portal did you
trap my other portal no
you're a liar you tried to trap my other
portal
you actually got an extra portal
should i go after this buried treasure
it seems kind of stupid
i don't know how far you are but i want
to get this treasure
just get it can't hurt wait no you're
not still at the treasure considering i
i've been digging around for forever
i hate this i hate this so much
yes
was it worth it
oh no
yes
yeah you were just talking about your
coordinates
i didn't say them
what are you doing
what do you mean
what a railroad there's a mine shaft but
it's on the surface
you dare me
no way i win
i win
why i just got a chest with stuff in it
all right i'll tell you what i'm telling
my ex my ex is seven thousand
oh my god
that's a long way away i'm on a horse
right now
[Music]
yes dude these are op these chests are
always ob in here
yeah
yes you're joking
yes
how'd you keep finding all this good
stuff let's go boy which way are we
going we're going
this way oh there's an ocean how am i
gonna do i have like a lead i don't
oh don't tell me
oh
interesting
oh no
oh my god how long do i have this for
how do i tell how long i have a potion
effect for
i don't know i can't mine i can't mine
oh my god you're right there
what how did you how did you swim here
you have no
boat come at me
no way
how did you spot me down there how do i
have mining fatigue
[Music]
how did you get here how do i have
mining fatigue how do i get rid of this
you might not want to engage at all
george
what was that
i need this this mining fatigue is
screwing me
i could be away by now
[Music]
a dolphin peter
i'm gonna kill your dolphin
no don't what is wrong with you
i'm drowning
[Laughter]
wait why is my dolphin power gone
because i have it
oh my god oh get away
hello
hey look what i have
what do you have
look
[Laughter]
oh my god yeah the money fatigue
oh
wait is it oh my god it's right here
where are you george
where are you
yes
of course i meant that
no no no
[Music]
i needed to have had a bed this is this
was important to have a bed
oh no
that's what happens
oh my god i'm getting trolled
[Music]
oh george
this is scary
george
it would have been smart to have a bed
it really would have been
[Music]
george stop
what
i'm gonna break your bed
i just broke your bed by the way that
means your respawn location is screwed
george
i'm coming for you
my god
how did he find me
come on george
i followed your name
you're behind me weren't you
oh my god
i don't know where you went
you're freaking me out
you actually are freaking me out i'm
scared
what
oh my god
no it's my
where'd you go george come on come out
to play
where'd you go
you know what i actually don't need you
you can get your
no no no
oh my god oh my god oh my god
come on george
how you say the god apple
no
yes
yes yes
you had any pearls
no
oh my god how am i going to get back i'm
like a million blocks away yes like i
was being hunted it's like oh my god
you're a vegan you're like
you turned into a maniac
always on your chest i eat the
garlic i don't know i just oh tnt melons
i just put supplies for if i died i
wasn't expecting you to find my bed was
it all because of my optifine torch no
oh i found the portal room
but this is just so annoying i'm gonna
have to get all my food get all my iron
i mean i think at this point
yes i got another one i think at this
point i'm pretty set but i just can't
believe how far away you are and now
you're enchanting
literally in the by the portal room
please
yes
that might be enough let me i might
already have enough anyway let me see if
i have enough
um
one two three
oh that's not enough i actually might be
able to get i might be able to get back
yes i think i i think i have enough
the thing is i need like more arrows but
i don't really
i don't know
yes there's two skeletons
this will be the longest that you've
gone after making a portal without going
in it the problem is if i don't if i go
if i don't go soon then you're going to
get here and then i'm going to die or at
least it'll be 10 times more challenging
you know what
what
okay
you actually went in with 16 hours oh my
god i thought i had way more blocks than
i have
oh that just almost boosted me like to
death let me get this one this one's
pretty low
you're just gonna be chilling thinking
it's all nice and swell and then boom
the end
in the chat
all right all right
and i can put my my bed right next to
the end portal because you're not coming
back
yes
come on
ender dragon
come down to play
[Music]
dream
no
oh my god
oh my god stop
[Music]
miss just miss oh you're lagging
am i lagging i actually am
i'm not lagging am i
keep talking keep going talk talk talk
talk talk actually the ender dragon's
lagging oh my god
yes
[Music]
like i'm just sitting there waiting for
you because you're lagging yeah this
comes out of nowhere and owns yes
oh my god
it's not it is fair it was not fair i
could have shot you off i wasn't lagging
oh my god i have like no blocks
oh god
oh my god oh my god pearls don't fall
faster i just almost died how do you
have iron what
i don't know how i'm going to kill the
enemy dragon you literally right here oh
my god oh
oh he's coming for me
even
what the heck okay i hit you in there
did you
yeah
oh no
you go again what the heck
yes
why why is it
image it oh my god i kept pushing you
into her
oh my god
oh wow
wait
oh wow okay oh my god
oh
my god yes yes no way
oh my god what do i do now you don't
have another set do you you don't even
know how close i was to dying right
there
oh oh my god
yes yes what yes
yes
oh my god
oh my god then the dragon's so low
i died
even where i died
come on come on
no
oh my god oh my god
the other dark is literally one hit the
other guy's literally one hit please
please please no it fled it flew away
oh my god i landed in water
dude if i kill it you don't win
no that's not true
that's true it's true my killer i win
no no no
no please please
yes
seriously though if i kill it
no
no because you have to beat the game
[Music]
please come down please calm down i
could probably one shot it with my feet
it's so low
[Music]
yes
oh my god
i literally ran and jumped i was just
praying that my hit landed oh that's
actually so annoying i can't believe you
actually won i pulled it off
so it's so you're on one
this was a very hard challenge to be
played this is a hard challenge